shred: update page (#11724)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/shred.md

`shred {{path/to/file}}`

- Overwrite a file and show progress on the screen:

> `shred -v {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shred --verbose {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Overwrite a file, leaving zeros instead of random data:
> 
> `shred -z {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overwrite a file, leaving [z]eros instead of random data:

`shred --zero {{path/to/file}}`
```

> - Overwrite a file 25 times:
> 
> `shred -n25 {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overwrite a file a specific [n]umber of times:

`shred --iterations {{25}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

- Overwrite a file and remove it:

> `shred -u {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: Thanks, I am resolving this suggestion alone (as it's already present in the multi-line comment above), as applying this first would outdate it.

> `shred -u {{path/to/file}}`
> 
> - Overwrite a file 100 times, add a final overwrite with zeros, remove the file after overwriting it and show progress on the screen:
> 
> `shred -vzun100 {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shred --remove {{path/to/file}}`

- Overwrite a file 100 times, add a final overwrite with [z]eros, remove the file after overwriting it and show progress on the screen:

`shred -vzun 100 {{path/to/file}}`
```

Reviewer: Hi @OrginalS, This suggestion doesn't seem to be applied.
